Party history

Cyfeariul’s family raised sheep outside the town of Seldonford.  Most of his life growing up was fairly comfortable.   As he got older, he spent most of his days in the mountains, watching the sheep. When he turned 13, he was given the task of taking sheep into town to be sold to the butcher, <Randy’s father>. Shortly after his 15th birthday, he was coming back to his home after selling some sheep.  As he approached, he saw a column of smoke rising from the area where his home was.  Concerned, he rushed on, only to find his home burned, the family possessions, such as they were, scattered about.  When he got closer, he saw the hacked bodies of his parents, and his younger brother and sister. In his mother’s hand, he found a red, enameled medallion, with black symbols on it( see drawing ).  He did not know what the symbols were, but he did know, from conversations with townsfolk, that Lunar raiders had been becoming more common in the area, and they frequently wore red and black. He was convinced that Lunar soldiers had done this, and was determined to, somehow, find the person the medallion belonged to, and get revenge.  He Had heard of a place called Five’s Helm, where there lived folk that were committed to the defeat of Lunars everywhere.  He decided to go there, and seek his fortune among them.He also no longer had any faith in the Gods his parents worshipped, for they had abandoned his family.  Once he got to Stumblers Point, the town below Five’s Helm, he encountered the Adept Sorcerer Nadros, and his talk of a way not dependant on Gods or Spirits appealed to him, and he became Nadros apprentice.

<Randy>  of course knew Cyfeariul, but never learned what happened to him after that last time he brought sheep in for sale.  As time went on, he learned his fathers craft,and was set to continue in that craft himself.  When he was 17, in 1627,  the last true king of Sartar died, and was replaced with a Lunar puppet.  From then, Lunar troops were constantly patrolling the regions around Boldhome.  No one dared defy them, and it was common for lunar troops to take what they wanted from townspeople and peasants alike.   <Randy>’s parents managed to keep the business going, but times were hard. Shortly after he turned 20, and was thinking about going out on his own, his parents home/business was raided by mercenaries hired by the Lunars, claiming the his parents were hiding rebels, or their equipment.  Nothing was found, but the place was trashed, and much damage was done.  
